Rongrong
Why don't you want to accompany Tiantian this weekend?
I'm listening to the baby, okay?
I heard that Tiantian was injured
It is supported by Miss Shen
It's not like you did this
Why are you so focused?
Yes, of course I have to ask my own father
This has nothing to do with you anymore
Don't think about it anymore, you know?
The location of the young lady of the Rong family
It's really hard to say who the flowers fall
If only sweet was alive
This position must be his
Sweet replaced his sister
It's not impossible.
Shen Wanci is not a vegetarian either
When people can't fast
It was a happy death back then
Mr. Rong was in a coma and hospitalized at the time
Did someone take advantage of Mr. Rong's injury to kill Sweet?
Then wouldn't it be expensive if my identity was exposed?
So, do you want to do team building this weekend?
I look free.
Are you going?
I enjoy participating in team building the most
But don't worry.
I'm just going to cheer them on.
I don't participate in any activities. Hmm.
But I don't want to travel next week.
Go on your own and talk about it
Business trip cancelled next week
I'm going to participate in team building